## Week 2 Journal

It has been a while since I last wrote object-oriented programming in JavaScript. (Mostly because I tried to avoid coding in JavaScript as much as possible.) As a result, the assignment where I made the map page ‘object-oriented’ helped in reminding me of the concept. For this part of the homework, I deleted all the global variables declared outside of the function. I then used this annotation to every variables within a function. In the function processInfo(), I created a new object named map which called the function initMap to make a new map. One problem at the moment is that when loading the webpage, the map doesn’t show anything. You have to click the OK button to call the function processInfo() in order for the map to be shown. I encountered some difficulties in the beginning (mostly trying to recall the knowledge of object-oriented programming) but there is no roadblock along the way. I consulted some online materials about object-oriented programming in JavaScript online. 

I found the sketches of the UI for the Sanctuary Volunteer project quite frustrating mostly because of the requirements. Apparently, the project asked for an application where they can post what they need without revealing the credentials or information. The information about each post can be deleted in the database once the deadline is over. However, I think it is important to have the personal information revealed at least to the volunteers and/or the people in this group, because without this information any one with a link to the webpage/application can post anything without any source of background check.

All the work is shown in the file OOP_QuantumLeap.html